Update RELEASES.md for 1.51.0 (#81917)
rust-lang/rust: RELEASES.md

- [`Poll::{map_ok, map_err}` are now implemented for `Poll<Option<Result<T, E>>>`.][80968]
- [`unsigned_abs` is now implemented for all signed integer types.][80959]
- [`io::Empty` now implements `io::Seek`.][78044]
- [`rc::Weak<T>` and `sync::Weak<T>`'s methods such as `as_ptr` are now implemented for
  `T: ?Sized` types.][80764]

Stabilized APIs
---------------

- [`Arc::decrement_strong_count`]
- [`Arc::increment_strong_count`]
- [`Once::call_once_force`]
- [`Peekable::next_if_eq`]
- [`Peekable::next_if`]
- [`Seek::stream_position`]
- [`array::IntoIter`]
- [`panic::panic_any`]
- [`ptr::addr_of!`]
- [`ptr::addr_of_mut!`]
- [`slice::SlicePattern`]
- [`slice::fill_with`]
- [`slice::split_inclusive_mut`]
- [`slice::split_inclusive`]
- [`slice::strip_prefix`]
- [`slice::strip_suffix`]
- [`str::split_inclusive`]
- [`sync::OnceState`]
- [`task::Wake`]

Rustdoc
-------

- [Rustdoc will now include documentation for methods available from `Deref` traits.][80653]
- [You can now provide a `--default-theme` flag which sets the default theme to use for
  documentation.][79642]

Various improvements to intra-doc links:

>   - [You can link to no path based primitives such as `slice`.][80181]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - [You can link to non-path primitives such as `slice`.][80181]
```

  - [You can link to associated items.][74489]
  - [You can now link to items with generics such as `Vec<T>`.][76934]

Misc
----
- [You can now pass `--include-ignored` to tests (e.g. with
  `cargo test -- --include-ignored`) to include testing tests marked `#[ignore]`.][80053]

Compatibility Notes
-------------------

- [Bumped the minimum `g++` for `linux-gnu` targets to `g++-8` from `g++-7`.][81521]

> - [WASI platforms no longer use the `wasm-bindgen` ABI.][79998]

Reviewer: Perhaps mention what they switched to.

Version 1.51.0 (2021-03-25)
============================

Language
--------

> - [You can now parameterize items such as functions, traits, and `struct`s by constant

Reviewer 2: Perhaps it would make sense to explicitly use the term "const generics" here? Otherwise, I think some people will wonder if this is what is meant or not.

>   values in addition to by types.][79135] E.g. you can now write the following. Note:

Reviewer 3: minor nit, but it was "types or lifetimes" previously.

  Only values of primitive integers, `bool`, or `char` types are currently permitted.
  ```rust
  struct GenericArray<T, const LENGTH: usize> {
      inner: [T; LENGTH]
  }

  impl<T, const LENGTH: usize> GenericArray<T, LENGTH> {
      const fn last(&self) -> Option<&T> {
          if LENGTH == 0 {
              None
          } else {
              Some(&self.inner[LENGTH - 1])
          }
      }
  }
  ```

Compiler
--------

> - [Added the `-Csplit-debuginfo` codegen option.][79570] This option controls whether

Reviewer 3: It looks like this is currrently only stabilized on macOS, so we'll want to note that here:

> Note that -Csplit-debuginfo still requires -Zunstable-options for
non-macOS platforms since split-dwarf support was just implemented in
rustc.

(from the PR description)

- [`unsigned_abs` is now implemented for all signed integer types.][80959]
- [`io::Empty` now implements `io::Seek`.][78044]
- [`rc::Weak<T>` and `sync::Weak<T>`'s methods such as `as_ptr` are now implemented for
  `T: ?Sized` types.][80764]

Stabilized APIs
---------------

- [`Arc::decrement_strong_count`]
- [`Arc::increment_strong_count`]
- [`Once::call_once_force`]
- [`Peekable::next_if_eq`]
- [`Peekable::next_if`]
- [`Seek::stream_position`]
- [`array::IntoIter`]
- [`panic::panic_any`]
- [`ptr::addr_of!`]
- [`ptr::addr_of_mut!`]
- [`slice::fill_with`]
- [`slice::split_inclusive_mut`]
- [`slice::split_inclusive`]
- [`slice::strip_prefix`]
- [`slice::strip_suffix`]
- [`str::split_inclusive`]
- [`sync::OnceState`]
- [`task::Wake`]

Rustdoc
-------

- [Rustdoc will now include documentation for methods available from `Deref` traits.][80653]
- [You can now provide a `--default-theme` flag which sets the default theme to use for
  documentation.][79642]

Various improvements to intra-doc links:

  - [You can link to non-path primitives such as `slice`.][80181]
  - [You can link to associated items.][74489]

>   - [You can now link to items with generics such as `Vec<T>`.][76934]

Reviewer 4: This makes it sound like you couldn't link to `Vec` before.

```suggestion
  - [You can now include generic parameters when linking to items, like `Vec<T>`.][76934]
```

Misc
----
- [You can now pass `--include-ignored` to tests (e.g. with
  `cargo test -- --include-ignored`) to include testing tests marked `#[ignore]`.][80053]

Compatibility Notes
-------------------

> - [Bumped the minimum `g++` for `linux-gnu` targets to `g++-8` from `g++-7`.][81521]

Reviewer 5: I don't think this really changed anything for users -- it was just that the updated base docker image didn't have g++-7 available. Other parts of Rust CI are still using as old as GCC 5.

Author: Yeah, I didn't really see what was notable about it but it was tagged relnotes. cc @Mark-Simulacrum

Reviewer 3: I had marked it due to https://github.com/rust-lang/rust/pull/81521#issuecomment-770120673 - we should make a note about bumping expected glibc on the targets of that builder, I think

Reviewer 5: Ah, my own comment, sheesh! AFAICS the affected targets would be:

- dist-various-1
  - armv5te-unknown-linux-gnueabi
  - sparc64-unknown-linux-gnu
  - thumbv7neon-unknown-linux-gnueabihf
- dist-various-2
  - armv7-unknown-linux-gnueabi
  - x86_64-unknown-linux-gnux32

Building these with the Ubuntu 20.04 toolchain makes them require glibc 2.31.
(The effective symbol requirements might be a little more relaxed in practice.)

Version 1.51.0 (2021-03-25)
============================

Language
--------
- [You can now parameterize items such as functions, traits, and `struct`s by constant

>   values in addition to by types.][78135] E.g. you can now write the following. Note:

Reviewer 6: I think this link is wrong, it points to an issue about an ICE: https://github.com/rust-lang/rust/issues/78135

  Only values of primitive integers, `bool`, or `char` types are currently permitted.
  ```rust
  struct GenericArray<T, const LENGTH: usize> {
      inner: [T; LENGTH]
  }

  impl<T, const LENGTH: usize> GenericArray<T, LENGTH> {
      const fn last(&self) -> Option<&T> {
          if LENGTH == 0 {
              None
          } else {

>               Some(&self.inner[LENGTH-1])

Reviewer 7: nitpick 
```suggestion
              Some(&self.inner[LENGTH - 1])
```

- [Rust now uses `inline-asm` for stack probes when used with LLVM 11.0.1+][77885]

\* Refer to Rust's [platform support page][forge-platform-support] for more
information on Rust's tiered platform support.

Libraries
---------

- [`Box::downcast` is now also implemented for any `dyn Any + Send + Sync` object.][80945]
- [`str` now implements `AsMut<str>`.][80279]
- [`u64` and `u128` now implement `From<char>`.][79502]
- [`Error` is now implemented for `&T` where `T` implements `Error`.][75180]
- [`Poll::{map_ok, map_err}` are now implemented for `Poll<Option<Result<T, E>>>`.][80968]
- [`unsigned_abs` is now implemented for all signed integer types.][80959]
- [`io::Empty` now implements `io::Seek`.][78044]
- [`rc::Weak<T>` and `sync::Weak<T>`'s methods such as `as_ptr` are now implemented for
  `T: ?Sized` types.][80764]

Stabilized APIs
---------------

- [`Arc::decrement_strong_count`]
- [`Arc::increment_strong_count`]
- [`Once::call_once_force`]
- [`Peekable::next_if_eq`]
- [`Peekable::next_if`]
- [`Seek::stream_position`]
- [`array::IntoIter`]
- [`panic::panic_any`]
- [`ptr::addr_of!`]
- [`ptr::addr_of_mut!`]

> - [`slice::SlicePattern`]

Reviewer 7: It seems like SlicePattern is not stabilized and not close to being that. It was mentioned in #77853 but not stabilized there.
```suggestion
```

[81521]: https://github.com/rust-lang/rust/pull/81521
[80968]: https://github.com/rust-lang/rust/pull/80968
[80959]: https://github.com/rust-lang/rust/pull/80959
[80718]: https://github.com/rust-lang/rust/pull/80718
[80653]: https://github.com/rust-lang/rust/pull/80653
[80579]: https://github.com/rust-lang/rust/pull/80579
[79998]: https://github.com/rust-lang/rust/pull/79998
[78044]: https://github.com/rust-lang/rust/pull/78044
[81455]: https://github.com/rust-lang/rust/pull/81455
[80764]: https://github.com/rust-lang/rust/pull/80764
[80749]: https://github.com/rust-lang/rust/pull/80749
[80662]: https://github.com/rust-lang/rust/pull/80662
[77885]: https://github.com/rust-lang/rust/pull/77885
[`Once::call_once_force`]: https://doc.rust-lang.org/stable/std/sync/struct.Once.html#method.call_once_force
[`sync::OnceState`]: https://doc.rust-lang.org/stable/std/sync/struct.OnceState.html
[`panic::panic_any`]: https://doc.rust-lang.org/stable/std/panic/fn.panic_any.html
[`slice::strip_prefix`]: https://doc.rust-lang.org/stable/std/primitive.slice.html#method.strip_prefix
[`slice::strip_suffix`]: https://doc.rust-lang.org/stable/std/primitive.slice.html#method.strip_prefix

> [`slice::SlicePattern`]: https://doc.rust-lang.org/nightly/core/slice/trait.SlicePattern.html

Reviewer 7: ```suggestion
```

- [`slice::split_inclusive_mut`]
- [`slice::split_inclusive`]
- [`slice::strip_prefix`]
- [`slice::strip_suffix`]
- [`str::split_inclusive`]
- [`sync::OnceState`]
- [`task::Wake`]

Cargo
-----
- [Added the `split-debuginfo` profile option to control the -Csplit-debuginfo
  codegen option.][cargo/9112]
- [Added the `resolver` field to `Cargo.toml` to enable the new feature resolver
  and CLI option behavior.][cargo/8997] Version 2 of the feature resolver will try
  to avoid unifying features of dependencies where that unification could be unwanted.
  Such as using the same dependency with a `std` feature in a build scripts and
  proc-macros, while using the `no-std` feature in the final binary. See the
  [Cargo book documentation][feature-resolver@2.0] for more information on the feature.

Rustdoc
-------

- [Rustdoc will now include documentation for methods available from `Deref` traits.][80653]
- [You can now provide a `--default-theme` flag which sets the default theme to use for
  documentation.][79642]

Various improvements to intra-doc links:

  - [You can link to non-path primitives such as `slice`.][80181]
  - [You can link to associated items.][74489]

>   - [You can now include generic parameters when linking to items, like `Vec<T>`.][76934]

Reviewer: Indentation

  proc-macros, while using the `no-std` feature in the final binary. See the
  [Cargo book documentation][feature-resolver@2.0] for more information on the feature.

Rustdoc
-------

- [Rustdoc will now include documentation for methods available from `Deref` traits.][80653]
- [You can now provide a `--default-theme` flag which sets the default theme to use for
  documentation.][79642]

Various improvements to intra-doc links:

- [You can link to non-path primitives such as `slice`.][80181]
- [You can link to associated items.][74489]
- [You can now include generic parameters when linking to items, like `Vec<T>`.][76934]

Misc
----
- [You can now pass `--include-ignored` to tests (e.g. with
  `cargo test -- --include-ignored`) to include testing tests marked `#[ignore]`.][80053]

Compatibility Notes
-------------------

- [WASI platforms no longer use the `wasm-bindgen` ABI, and instead use the wasm32 ABI.][79998]
- [`rustc` no longer promotes division, modulo and indexing operations to `const` that
  could fail.][80579]
- [The minimum version of `glibc` required when building with the Ubuntu 20.04 toolchain

>   for the following platforms has been bumped to version 2.31.][81521]

Reviewer 3: It doesn't matter what toolchain the end user builds with - we've bumped the distributed artifacts requirement to 20.04's glibc, that is 2.31 - I think something like this should be right:

> The minimum version of `glibc` for the following platforms has been bumped to version 2.31 for the distributed artifacts.
